This application was developed to aid in retrospective analysis of images to quantify skin tones according to the Fitz Patrick scale to aid in medical research. The app allows the user to quickly go through a folder containing images of interest to select points on the image representing the patients skin or burn area. The application will compile the data from all the images and format it into an excel file contain image name, data point coordinates, RGB and LAB colors, and the Fitz-Patrick skin scale. The application currently supports 3 modes of data collection. The multipoint mode allows for up to 6 data points to be collected from each image, the skin validation allows for a single data point peer image, and the burn photo data collection allows for 2 data points per image.  

To Operate:  
-Run the program and fill in a name or ID in the name text area.  
-Next you must select the folder (not the pictures, but the folder itself) containing the images (PNG or JPEG format) of interest.  
--Optionally, you may change the aperture size, which represents the number of pixels captured in all 4 directions from thee center (i.e. an aperture of 5 yields a 11x11 pixel subimage used for the analysis).  
--Optionally, you may select an excel file where the output will be added after the last data cell. You should only select an excel file generated by this program from a previous session and should ensure the file was generated with the same mode you will be using in this session.  
-Finally, you must select the mode you would like to run and the program will begin to show the images.  

Selecting data points:  
-Simply click on the image to populate the fields on the right with image snippets.  
-You can view the area being selected in the top right as your mouse hovers over the main image in the left. The area in the small black square is the area that will be captured.  
-If you would like to redo any of the samples, simply click on the sample to erase it. Keep in mind the samples always populate from the lowest number and you can erase multiple samples at the same time.  
-When you have populated all the samples, you can click next to proceed to the next photo, or click finish to end the session early.  
--if you would like to pick up where you left off, simply select the excel file output during the next session and the program will skip all the photos already analyzed.  

This Software was developed by the Morsani College Of Medicine and Tampa General Hospital Plastic Surgery Burn Research Team lead by:  
Youssef Mohamed, PhD and Bilal Koussayer, BS  

TGH Team:  
Jake Laun, MD  
Nicole Le, MD  
Kristen Whalen, MD  
Mahmood Al Bayati, MD  
Kristina Gemayel, MD  
Loryn Taylor, ARNP   

Medical Student Team:  
Ellie Randolph, BS  
Jaynie Criscione, BS  
Julia Morris, BS  
Marian Mikhael, BS  
Rithvic Jupudi, BS  
Sarah Moffitt, BS  
Shreya Arora, BS  
Timothy Nehila,BS  
William West III, BS  
Mohammed Tahseen Alkaelani  

Please use the reference below if you use this software in your research:  

Mohamed, Y., Koussayer, B., Le, N., Whalen, K., Al Bayati, M., Gemayel, K., Taylor, L., Randolph, E., Criscione, J., Morris, J., Mikhael, M., Jupudi, R., Moffitt, S., Arora, S., Nehila, T., West, W., & Laun, J. (1010, October 10). Skin AnalyzerVersion (1). WEBSITE_TITLE_HERE. Retrieved from WEBSITE_URKL_HERE.  
